listen so netflix saw how badly hbo
dropped the ball with snyder and decided
to give the man 90 million dollars plus
to create his own zombie franchise
they already green lit a prequel an
animated series they started an
entire snyder school of filmmaking and
meanwhile at t's warner media
and discoveries are creating a
standalone company by combining
operations to form a new global leader
in entertainment
warner brothers has been aggressively um
anti-snyder if you will now it's not
connected to his debut feature dawn of
the dead which
i still think is his best zombie flick
but it is a project that homage is
everything it's a bakana buffet of
genres that's going to be expanded
through several projects
and at least he can say the great thing
about netflix in this movie is that you
got to see the snare cut
of this movie like pretty much you don't
have to wait four years
let me explain so snyder first developed
this idea of a zombie heist movie that
takes place in las vegas over a decade
ago and where a wealthy entrepreneur
named tanaka approaches ex-soldier scott
ward to assemble a league in order to
extract
50 million dollars held up in a vault to
one of his casinos problem is
the fallout in vegas is so bad with all
these mutant zombies
that besides it being walled off the
government is looking to nuke vegas
so it's pretty much a squad and a
suicide mission it's the air cut via
snyder
yeah we'll probably die in the team we
have tagnotaro's mary ann peters who
plays the pilot that's supposed to carry
50 million dollars in cash and a
bautista out of this city no problem in
a rinky-dink copter
what a hunk of junk spend all his money
on that [ __ ] miniature
not as much as they spun on your green
screen honestly if you didn't know about
her being swapped in for the previous
actor
i don't know that you'd really notice it
you know there are some shots where they
did a great job
and i think it looks pretty seamless and
then there are others where if you are
looking for it
you will find some minor issues but not
as much as the last guy
raul castillo who's always a pleasure to
see homie get more work plays mikey
guzman the zombie influencer who would
be taking more shots of himself than he
does the zombie brains
make sure to like and subscribe he also
brings with him his buddy chambers
played by samantha nguyen who
in real life is a double gold medalist
and wushu and has done a lot of stunt
work in previous snyder flicks
and now she gets to tell being an
actress but y'all did her dirty
see tanaka also sent one of his minions
martin to oversee the entire group and
in one of the scenes
she tells him to go first because she
doesn't really trust him but
it doesn't really make sense since he's
the one who's leading the way and so he
dupes her into walking into zombies
i legit didn't want her to be the first
to die and thought that she was going to
go full tires which
she almost does but then this bit
happens when she's literally right in
front of her group
fully loaded and no one helps her like
look
i know the movie shot to be blurry but
they could have clearly helped her when
they were in the same hallway like
look at this yeah later on they got the
daughter character turning into deadshot
in an even smaller hallway
both of these two deserve better the
person who escorts them into the city is
lily aka coyote
a smuggler for the quarantine camps that
are set up on the outskirts of the city
she's the one who informs the team of
the hierarchy that these alpha zombies
have
as they're smarter faster and can grow
hair
just you know no mustaches since it is a
snyder film obviously tanaka has some
military personnel on call
and she's the one who realizes what the
real plan is that they're not really
there for the money but
are there to retrieve the alpha queen's
head so that the government can
re-experiment and
probably recreate more mutant soldiers
since it's always all about super
soldiers but luckily she gets ahead of
the plan
and thwarts it stopping them from
unleashing this weapon of mass
destruction
and leading martin dominion to his
second on-screen death by a titan
amazingly this isn't the first time i've
been killed by a tiger on a movie but it
is the first time i've been killed by a
zombie tiger
then there's the heist boys there's
ludwig the german safecracker who i know
did a lot of improv for his lines in
this movie so it'll be interesting to
see
how he handles starring and directing
for the first time
the prequel film called army of thieves
that follows all of his past heists
but it's just funny to see the guy who
was folding socks on the mission getting
this much attention
see zeus the alpha zombie they keep
running away from is played by the stunt
dude who did the batman warehouse scene
and we see him here taking on omari
snapping bautista sidestepping bullets
hell taking them to the face
and somehow this dude wearing flats and
a polo has the strength to knock him out
man omari plays vandro who i'm not gonna
lie
he's not the most fleshed out character
like literally we don't even see how
it's taken out of him but his presence
you know
it just has a lot of power to it what's
up bro
bro
picture he ends up being one of the only
ones to survive with the
indication being that he's going to
bring the alpha genes into the real
world which is what
ana's character wanted to do with
bautista maria is his partner and the
first recruit who agreed to get a bigger
cut than the rest of the crew but
she's honestly looking to go 50 50. that
is the most money i've ever held in my
hand
i'll take it if you don't want it that's
cool i got it
are i got it legit that that is one of
the most awkwardly honest lines in the
entire movie
but uh sadly it's followed up by one of
the corniest i came here for you
i thought we could have had something
but then you just
went away ma'am we we're in a
zombie-infested city that's about to get
nuked
and we're catching feelings and it's not
that i've been waiting
you know i haven't i'm happy you know
sure sadly this is the most neck
bautista gets as he has to rush to save
his daughter once again
and that's really what was meant to be
the core of the movie i swear to god if
this whole mission is some
insane way for you to reconnect with
your daughter it's not right trust me
if you follow snyder's work you know how
much he leans into the themes of
fatherhood and the responsibilities that
come with it
and this relationship was interesting
it's not the fact that
you killed my mother okay see she ends
up joining the groups and she volunteers
at the detainee camp outside of vegas
and wants to help find her friend who
went missing but
can you just imagine seeing the captain
you know the one who's meant to be
leading you into a zombie-infested city
that's about to get wiped off the face
of the earth
getting yelled at by his daughter kate
you're not coming i'm not asking you i'm
telling you what's gonna happen
it's kate newest member of the team
how's it going
luckily she is one of the few who's able
to survive the evil authorities of this
world
a nuclear blast a helicopter crash and
the king of the dead
in order to get this poetic ending and
where after not talking to her father
due to him putting her mother down
she then gets to put him down what
happened to them exactly
what's he look like weren't smart enough
to get out of the sun
you should see what happens when it
rains for a few hours they'll come back
to life
well i guess that's for the sequel now
when it comes to future installments and
the expansion of this world
i think the best part is the creation of
all the creatures they definitely put
their money to good use on the makeup
and practical effects with the zombies
they did an entire vr recreation of las
vegas that they could use for anything
they zombified a real horse and a tiger
my team uh my crack visual effects team
went down
to carol baskin's place down in uh
florida and
um they used the actual her tigers
they actually made it out though i know
that they shot this one in atlantic city
which is
already a zombieland but i didn't know
until after the fact that zach was
actually the cinematographer like it was
back in his commercial days and even
left an
easter egg of him in a mirror shot to
let you know and also some dead pixels
to prove he didn't fat go digital
cats that's the one all right printed or
uh
i guess it's digital so don't print it
but we've got it right
if you felt it looked blurry it was on
purpose with the specific lenses that he
chose you know i guess homie saw son of
saul and wanted to recreate that
you wanted to to have this like intimate
type of feel with it and
i it kind of works when it comes to the
zombies in the background and them being
blurred out
it kind of builds that anxiety but also
considering it's a group flick
it kind of just comes off like that
justice league ending clip and sometimes
it was too blurry
it is snyder so lord knows there's a lot
of religious imagery in this movie
the squad in the beginning is referred
to as the four horsemen he's talked
about the location of las vegas being
the epitome of both good
and evil there's the emphasis on omari's
final speech and the contrast between
the alpha and the omega
a lot of religious stuff where you know
the undead have come back to life so
i don't know what book that's been
mentioned in but hey it's always going
to find a way
it's a free country people can look at
whoever they want
actually it's not a free country we're
not in america anymore haven't you heard
which technically makes it an even freer
country
right didn't y'all pay a tax when y'all
came in
i know that one of the biggest draws for
a lot of snyder fans with this movie was
that it was refreshing to see a flick
with no politics
no i was definitely loaded with them
whether it's as much that's another
thing i felt like
to really do the genre correctly you
have to
social commentary is at its heart and at
its roots really
romero um really you know
took the zombie genre and and made great
social commentary about you know mass
consumerism
or what have you there were a lot of
overt references on the news to
people marching the capital due to the
nukes flipping an easter quote from last
year to be about the cool fireworks that
the president sees and
he literally even hired two real-life
pundits from opposite ends to argue on
screen which
to me just sounds like a paycheck for
both of them there was a lot of
anti-government energy all throughout
the movie with lily even wearing a band
shirt from the exploited whose hit
single is
but with all the emphasis put on these
quarantine camps i wish we at least got
resolutions for the detainees who were
used as literal plot points
it is an overt border analogy which i
personally am always skeptical of
because
i see a lot of these movies just
bringing up the issue as an easy way to
reference real world events without
actually saying much especially when you
consider that both latinos in the movie
get unnecessarily sacrificed
and and then you name lilith the coyote
a moniker used for border guides who
smuggle in immigrants
yeah it does come off a little like set
dressing major coyote
does kayode have a name lily but coyote
sounds cool
you can just call me that if you want i
don't think there's anything wrong with
calling out an atrocity in a movie but
i've just seen so many people mention
border issues with such care
yeah when it comes to anything else
dealing with mexicans
but
netflix has been doing an insane job at
trying to promote this thing you know
it's like they're making up for hbo
since they have more twitter accounts
and there are zombies in this movie
but the posts are kind of pointless and
honestly cringey
like there's this one that calls out the
weird job zombies had beforehand
you know like banker chef
an elvis impersonator in vegas i guess
their connection is that
zombies are taking the jobs in terms of
the zombie origins they claim they'll be
expanding more details in the series
on whether they were made in a military
base or if they're just some form of
alien zombies that came from the sky as
we see with the flashing lights in the
opening shot
thus it would be homaging romero's og
knight of the living
dead which actually kind of mentioned
that why are space experts
being consulted about an earth-bound
emergency
so far all the betting on the answer to
that question centers on the recent
explorer satellite shot to venus
that's the space vehicle which orbited
venus and then was purposely destroyed
by nasa when scientists discovered it
was carrying a mysterious high-level
radiation
with it could that radiation be somehow
responsible for the wholesale murders
we're now suffering
will they keep pushing the idea of
making them weapons or will van der
rohe's character bring them to the
forefront considering he made it out
bitten
will they become their own species they
get integrated into society
or will they keep changing the rules for
how you become an alpha so whoever that
is i think if he bites you then you
become an alpha
also there's all the other stuff that
zach
always keeps coming back to there's also
the time loop theory that snyder keeps
hinting at and where the team just keeps
returning to this mission after every
explosion
you know those clues littered throughout
with this being the fourth loop when you
compare cruz's necklace on her corpse
which goes from three holes to the
living one having four
there's the themes of four just
biblically representing birth whereas in
japan it represents death
just a bunch of continuity things that
can be solved by just defaulting to this
theory shot it three times
actually it was four i personally see
the whole moment with the corpses like
the heist breakdown that gets visualized
it's not real it just serves a metaphor
for the dirty work that they do
it's in my opinion the best political
point that he makes which is calling out
the higher ups
all the politicians and the rich who use
the lower class to do their bidding
be it through corporate work extensive
labor war and like a loop
it happens over and over and over again
or it could just be calling out those
above who you know don't support your
vision
suck it warner brothers suck it
uh wow uh his words not mine
but uh yeah second warner brothers
overall snyder is that one director who
love him or hate him always finds a way
to get his visionary visions visualized
in my opinion why not all of them stick
he's always had that massive support
amidst all the ups and downs that he's
faced in his career all of the backlash
that he's gotten from the massive
projects that he's worked on
but his crazy ideas always find a way to
see the dawn of day
and that's thanks to his army of the lip
is zack snyder nice
no he's a jackass thank you all for
watching this video i'm curious to know
your thoughts down below in the comment
section
there is so much of this army of the
dead content that netflix keeps pushing
like
so i feel like it was in their contract
to just make like 76 youtube videos
on the show um i'm very curious to see
what they're gonna be doing with this
in the future i hope that it delivers in
the world that they're trying to expand
because at a certain point once you
start answering questions
the like nine theories that you have for
this movie you know not all of them are
gonna
suffice uh i know that it's not
connected to dawn of the dead which
again to me
is still the superior zack snyder zombie
flick it is my personal favorite from
his filmography
and there were even references to it in
this movie with the phone
calling back to the 2004 events which i
thought was really cool
i personally am excited for the animated
series it's coming from j oliva who's
directed
several dcau films so i'm pretty excited
for that i'm curious to know
anybody else's thoughts down below any
theories who your favorite character was
where you see this going
any and all stuff dealing with army of
the dead there there's a lot to be
discussed
but until next time don't forget to
comment like and subscribe and bautista
will make you a lobster roll